Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger consists of a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, dill pickle slices and re-hydrated onions on a toasted bun. In most of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[4] It is also sold as a double or triple burger. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia, the average serving size for a cheeseburger is 110 g (3.9 oz). The hamburger and cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[5]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1967.[6] A Big Mac consists of two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions in a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-sized counterpart, was added in January 2017. And January 2019 saw the Bacon Big Mac debut.[7]
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120 g) (originally 4-ounce (113 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce (45 g) patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[4] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's vice president of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[8] In some markets unfamiliar with the United States customary units (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[9] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers. It was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burger in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017. It is available in Canada as the Mighty Angus[10] The latest addition is the Signature Sriracha, reinstated in July through September and again since January 2018, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May, before becoming Bacon Smokehouse from July 2018 to June 2019. It has since been replaced by Quarter Pounder with Cheese Bacon in July 2019.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997 in California,[11] was a 4-ounce (110 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with grilled, diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[12] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Russia, Sweden and the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2011; it is now sold internationally only. However, the Big N' Tasty is still sold at restaurants located in US army and naval bases, such as the McDonald's restaurant located at the US naval base in Yokusuka, Japan. Now known as the Quarter Pounder with Cheese Deluxe since July 2019.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s and was added to the regular menu in 1965, though many McDonald's restaurants did not list it on their menu boards. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.